deprecate SpanStartOption (#7601)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Add the `WithLoggerProviderOptions`, `WithMeterProviderOptions` and `WithTracerProviderOptions` options to `NewSDK` to allow passing custom options to providers in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/otelconf`. (#7552)
- Added V2 version of AWS EC2 detector `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/detectors/aws/ec2/v2` due to deprecation of `github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go`. (#6961)

### Deprecated

- `WithSpanOptions` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc` is deprecated.

>   It is only used by the deprecated interceptor, and is unused in the new [NewClientHandler] implementation for StatsHandlers. (#7601)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It is only used by the deprecated interceptor, and is unused in the new `stats.Handler` implementations. (#7601)
```
